docs(topic operator): describes the tuning for topic operator batching mechanism (#9314)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/operators/con-tuning-topic-request-batches.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-using-the-topic-operator.adoc

[id='con-tuning-topic-request-batches-{context}']
= (Preview) Tuning request batches for topic operations

In unidirectional mode, the Topic Operator uses the request batching capabilities of the Kafka Admin API for operations on topic resources. 
You can fine-tune the batching mechanism using the following operator configuration properties:

> * `STRIMZI_MAX_QUEUE_SIZE` to set the maximum size of the request batching queue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `STRIMZI_MAX_QUEUE_SIZE` to set the maximum size of the topic event queue. 
```

The default value is 1024.

> * `STRIMZI_MAX_BATCH_SIZE` to set the maximum number of requests allowed in a single batch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `STRIMZI_MAX_BATCH_SIZE` to set the maximum number of topic events allowed in a single batch. 
```

> The default value is 100 requests for operations to create, update, or delete topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is 100.
```

> * `MAX_BATCH_LINGER_MS` to specify the time to wait for a request batch to accumulate `STRIMZI_MAX_BATCH_SIZE` items before processing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `MAX_BATCH_LINGER_MS` to specify the max time to wait for a batch to accumulate items before processing. 
```
